Title: SafeEats
Team members: Kiehwan Park, Malyrum Ok, Peter Lim, Snigdha Palli Tsion Haile
Link to where your app is running
https://testapp-inst377.herokuapp.com/
With recent Salmonella outbreaks at the University of Maryland, it is more important than ever for our stakeholders, new residents to Prince George’s County (PG), especially incoming students to the university, who may not be familiar with the area, to know where to eat and what places are the most/least clean. They may not be aware of the sanitation grade in each restaurant, carry-out or grocery store or where to find this information. Our application solves this issue by providing information about how sanitary places that food can be bought are and where they are located on a map. We hope that this makes the transition to PG county easier. 
We chose to work with an API provided by the county that includes the results of food inspections conducted at every food service facility in the county. Below is where we retrieved the API from.
https://data.princegeorgescountymd.gov/Health/Food-Inspection/umjn-t2iz
HTML and CSS was used to create structure and organize the content on the front end of the web page. Node.js was used for the back end. To plan for our front end design and create wireframes, we implemented a design tool called Figma. While it did not offer options for all of the features we wanted, such as a drop down menu, it was useful for looking at the overall design. To create an interactive map, we included Leaflet. Heroku was the platform used to host and launch our application.
Our first challenge was to figure out how to divide work. We quickly realize how inefficient it is to have no clear responsibilities even though each member was very receptive to helping each other. We also realized that we did not understand the dataset well and needed to learn what the different sanitation grades are. We also had many technology changes. We had wanted to implement bootstrap for the front end and Vue.js but decided not to as there were communication issues and also the Vue.js seemed disorganized and difficult to learn. Connecting the front and back ends while using heroku to host the app presented many technical issues as none of us knew much about servers, but we were able to learn how to successfully launch an application.
	There is much room for improvement in the future. First, we would expand the geolocation of our application to add other universities and college towns so more students can benefit. It would further be useful to include data from popular tourist areas as these are usually filled with newcomers who are unfamiliar with these places and at a higher risk for contracting a food borne illness. Adding travel information through collaborations with apps such as Google Maps or Waze would also be helpful. Users could receive directions from their current location to their desired facility and be able to choose multiple transportation options, including walking, driving, and taking a bus. Another collaboration would be with food review and delivery apps like Yelp and Ubereats. They could incorporate capabilities of our app, widening our reach. 
